### Here is the URL to the webpage for this project: https:[//qzha880.github.io/Workshop-4-task/](https://qzha880.github.io/Workshop-6-task/)

For this task I wanted to start off simple so I took three different functions that were shown in the workshop video. I used a textbox, a button and a slider. I started implementing the textbox which went fine. All the textbox did was take in the user's input and generate it below the textbox like the one from the video. The button also worked fine but what I wanted the button to do was to print out some text from a list. Like pressing the button would generate some text from a list. I ran into problem with this one because I had the code correct but because there was already some code in the draw function it was put underneath the draw function code. So to get around this, I made two lists one for the text options and the other one for the draw function. The plan was to make pressing the button randomly choose a piece of text from the text options list and push it into the list for the draw function then in the draw function there's a for loop which will print the items in the list. Next was the slider which wasn't too bad but I tried to have 4 so they could affect the rgba of the background but background doesn't take in alpha so now it has 3 sliders for the rgb levels of the background. I want to give the generated text from the user a text box so that it doesn't go over the text generate by the button, of course I could move either element so that they're not crossing over each other but I just want to give the user text a text box. Update - Nevermind found some code on the p5js reference page (https://p5js.org/reference/p5/textWrap/), after using the code 'textWrap(CHAR);' and giving the text element a 4th element of 185 I was able to make the user generated text cap at 185 pixels before starting a new line.
